.TH keystone 8
.SH NAME
keystone-admin \- provides HTTP for administrators.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.I [OPTION]...
.SH DESCRIPTION
.BR keystone is a Python implementation of the Openstack
identity service.
.TP
.B --version
show program's version number and exit
.TP
.B \-h, --help
show help messag and exit
.TP
.B \-v, --verbose
Print more verbose output
.TP
.B \-d, --debug
Prrint debugging output to console.
.TP
.B \-c PATH, --config-file=PATH
Path to the config file to use. When not specified (the default),
we generally look at the first arguement specified to be a config file,
and if that is also missing, we search standard directories for a config
file.
.TP
.B \-p BIND_PORT, --port=BIND_PORT, --bind-port=BIND_PORT
Specifies port to listen on.
.TP
.B --host=BIND_HOST, --bind-host=BIND_HOST
Specifies host address to listen on (default is all or 0.0.0.0)
.TP 
.B \-t, --trace-calls
Turns on call tracing for troubleshooting
.TP
.B \-a PORT, --admin-port=PORT
Specifies port for Admin API to listen on (default is 
35357)
.TP
.B --log-config=PATH
If this opion is specified, the logging configuration
file specified is used and overrides any other logging
options specified. Please see the Python logging
modules documentation for details on logging 
confgiuration files.
.TP
.B --log-date-format=FORMAT
Format string for %(asctime)s in log records.
Default: %Y-%m-%d %H:%M:%S
.TP
.B --log-file=PATH
(Optional) Name of log file to output to. If not set,
logging will go to stdout.
.TP
.B --log-didr=LOG_DIR
(Optional) The directory to keep log files in (will
be prepended to --logfile)

.SH FILES
.IR /etc/keystone/keystone.conf
.SH AUTHOR
This manual page was written by Chuck Short <zulcss@ubuntu.com>.
